# Web Development Exercise - DuckDuckGo Main Page Recreation (Responsive 3x)
Today I decided on recreating the main page of DuckDuckGo as responsive 3x (Desktop, Tablet and Mobile). It wasn't a challenge that I picked in FrontendMentor but it was a frontend only exercise because I'm still not enough on backend part. I will get to it in no time. 
In the original website, the logo and "Help spread DuckDuckGo" parts are clickable links but I didn't want to make them links as I wasn't planning on leading the user to another website. So I made the logo a simple img and the help us part a simple p. I have some weird choices I know, making them links doesn't mean extra work but I still didn't want to... Also, the clickable menus at the top are created with bootstrap's dropdown, but I didn't create a dropdown menu as It didn't mean an accomplishment because I was coding the frontend so I thought it didn't really matter. 
The best thing I accomplished in this project was probably managing the auto-positioning of my main div regardless of the screen size. I still changed some features in my responsive coding part but even If I didn't, my searcher part simply repositioned itself to the center of the screen. Thanks to this project and my efforts, I have a better understanding of how to manage that autopositioning and have an example of how it's done for my later projects so I'm grateful.
It wasn't a hardcore exercise but It made me realize and have a better understanding of some concepts in html and css, I hope to improve myself more in my upcoming challenges and exercises. Thank you for your attention.
